my name's Nick James this important
document all this the entire country's
in utter chaos
we're all afraid it's been about four
months since our break we had a message
on the radio about an operation to
eradicate the threat we've not got much
time we go contacting the perimeter I
don't know how to register god power we
have to be go here now take the road
through the forest and stick to the
country route on the east coast
Rochard pretty soon this entire country
is gonna be one big front of you gotta
go operation infauna they can't do that
again and they will stand me it's a
death trap
oh god they're everywhere outside this
island is dead
oh the last saw me it's not over yet
Oh